Although I divorced his father a long time ago
But he is my only daughter
How could I not recognize his mother?
He is buckwheat
Buckwheat is Witt
He looks so good when he is thin
And so talented
Drag him out of here right now
From Now On
I don't want to see him anywhere in Haicheng again
Don't let me go
Let go of me!
And I'd like to give you a grand introduction.
This is my daughter, Buckwheat.
It is also the Witt mentioned by Albert in five consecutive houses
I'm so proud of him.
younger sister
Mom, I miss you so much.
How does your father take care of you?
Look at what I've done to my daughter
It's my fault that Dad didn't visit you before
I wonder if you are free today.
I'd like to treat you to dinner
Who's your mom?
Shameless
Come on, let's rub
Hey, of course he's my mom
As required by law